#### The Inquiry
As a group, our first inquiry went very well, giving us some key insights into the problem space of convenience. The student we first observed and then interviewed goes by the pseudonym Heisenberg. They are a user of the Horaceman system and more specifically a HM Junior with a very rigorous course load. This all took place in the Katz Library by the computers, during D period. We used questions to guide Heisenberg to think about his experiences with time, convenience, and stress at Horace Mann, but in general each question ended up being a follow up to the last. 
#### What We Learned
Our student H has very limited free time in his day, largely as a result of schoolwork. He is always worrying about work, so even when he has free time it does not feel free; this here connected very strongly to the theme of community engagement, with students stressed for time not able to focus on group activities or action, instead thinking about the next assignment. More specifically, H could not print a paper in passing time, also stating that the field being closed makes getting between classes too long for passing time. As a result, to do this inconvenient busy work and study in general, he misses snack and break, a key community time in the day of an HM student. The big kicker was that H has only had lunch once this year, and in that way we observed that he hadn’t had lunch today, doing work in the library instead because of the stress that piles on. H said this was partially an issue of convenience with the field closed, and that they would eat if eating was more convenient. For example, H said they would eat food by the library so he could get work done at the same time. H did say that hydration sources were not an issue.
#### Problems or Opportunities?
Some places we feel like we can focus on are convenience in terms of food, since inconveniences right now are making snacks and lunch, vital parts of a healthy student’s day, harder to get. We have a chance to do this, solve a problem, open a door for a focus on community, and help the physical and mental health of the HM community. We had no issues getting the information we needed, and H was super complying.
#### What’s Up Next?
For future inquiries, we hope to find participants as willing as this for future interviews. We’d also hope to do more observation that we even did this time in combination with our interviews. To change this, we probably would attempt to, try to arrive at the location and observe the participant in action before we sit down for an interview.
